Improve unicode mode escape description (#25518)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/regexp/unicode/index.md

`RegExp.prototype.unicode` has the value `true` if the `u` flag was used; otherwise, `false`. The `u` flag enables various Unicode-related features. With the "u" flag:

> - Any [Unicode code point escapes](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions/Unicode_Property_Escapes) (`\u{xxxx}`, `\p{UnicodePropertyValue}`) will be interpreted as such instead of being interpreted as identity escape. For example `/\u{61}/u` matches `"a"`, but `/\u{61}/` (without `u` flag) matches `"u".repeat(61)`, the `\u` in the pattern is equivalent to a single `u`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any [Unicode code point escapes](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions/Unicode_Property_Escapes) (`\u{xxxx}`, `\p{UnicodePropertyValue}`) will be interpreted as such instead of identity escapes. For example `/\u{61}/u` matches `"a"`, but `/\u{61}/` (without `u` flag) matches `"u".repeat(61)`, where the `\u` is equivalent to a single `u`.
```

> - Any [Unicode code point escapes](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions/Unicode_Property_Escapes) (`\u{xxxx}`, `\p{UnicodePropertyValue}`) will be interpreted as such instead of `\` being possibly ignored and the other characters being interpreted as different expressions. For example `/\u{61}/u` matches `"a"`, but `/\u{61}/` (without `u` flag) matches `"u".repeat(61)` and the `\` in the pattern is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any [Unicode code point escapes](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions/Unicode_Property_Escapes) (`\u{xxxx}`, `\p{UnicodePropertyValue}`) will be interpreted as such instead of `\u` being an identity escape for the "u" character. For example `/\u{61}/u` matches `"a"`, but `/\u{61}/` (without `u` flag) matches `"u".repeat(61)` and the `\u` in the pattern is equivalent to a single `u`.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! Though this also applies to `\p` (and maybe more?) as well, e.g. `/\p{L}/` matches `"p{L}"`. So what about making it more general?
> will be interpreted as such instead of being interpreted as identity escape.

Author: Have adjusted it, I hope it is fine like this.
